https://archlinux.org/feeds/news news tech
https://dolphin-emu.org/blog/feeds tech game article
https://thankskenpenders.tumblr.com/rss game article sonic
https://wayves.ca/rss.xml local gay news
https://shmuplations.com/feed game article jptl
https://sonicretro.org/feed game article sonic
https://www.sonicstadium.org/rss/5-all-sonic-news.xml/ game article sonic
https://idwsonicnews.tumblr.com/rss news game sonic
https://mas.to/@oatmealdome.rss game news nintendo
https://novacrystallis.com/feed game news
https://segabits.com/feed game news
https://halifax.ca/news/rss-feed local news
https://rss.app/feeds/lPpbdRapRbHbdGdX.xml local news
https://lostinlocalization.com/rss jptl article
https://lparchive.org/rss game article
https://legendsoflocalization.com/feed game article jptl
https://kantopia.wordpress.com/feed game article jptl
https://maia.crimew.gay/feed.xml tech article
https://www.romhacking.net/romhackingdotnet.rss game news
https://obscuritory.com/feed/ game article
https://fogu.com/hm/rss.php?p=updates game news
https://bulbagarden.net/home/index.rss game news nintendo
https://distrowatch.com/news/dww.xml tech news
